hi everyone it's jess and again i'm just
going to make you I'm just gonna give
another room tour because I just
rearranged my room a little added some
stuff so here it is also i'm dressed
wintry for the season smells like on my
shirt yeah and boots and if you're
wondering the skirt is actually the
licorice play script alright so you must
enjoy my room ha up there we go alright
here's my room well if you ain't the
camera this way sorry textbook so heavy
I'm gonna make a good base for cameras
over here and we have my desk area okay
this cameras really hard to use it's it
has my laptop on it and my lunch thing
and on my Liberty Jane clothing designs
you up around because it was really born
before their little stool they're
actually my storage bins that I'm able
to disk here's my laptop and that's a
translator tube as Ali goes to French
school and she needed to translate or
when she first third and so yeah that's
new in my room also lets you look this
way I have rearranged the furniture as
you can see the bed is now where the
buckets used to be in the bucket or
where the bed used to be plus I change
the direction of the bed and um run the
buckets a little picture of Ali and
their advocate hook and it looks like a
dog is walking away from you it's like a
dog's butt but it's cute notes paint and
I hang coconuts elation my camera my
bracelet on there I'm gonna add these
down there you can see her head there we
turn over here I turn you in another
direction
new stuff everywhere there's the scooter
here is a cheer okay it's just a little
pretty chair and then I have a footstool
to second chain sit down and read stuff
and then I have my same posters and
bedding and everything but I do have to
admit I got a new mattress oh and I have
a new rug to see it down by the bed
coconut sort of in front of it i'll show
you when i get over there but uh let me
show you my new mattress anyway there's
the rogue my slippers on that cute I'm
sorry the camera is moving everywhere
tripods don't work sorry and there's the
bed yes no if you flip the step a little
pink furry mattress that is a dog
mattress but it works for dolls too if
it's my bed so yeah yeah and also I just
have another thing to show you that I've
had for a long time my nightstand but
there's something special about it zoom
it please let me show you the little
drawer opens on it and inside the
panties and sticky notes they have
little lip gloss and yeah and so that is
pretty much it and that's a good look at
my room okay so everybody i hope you
liked it sorry drop at the back but
that's my room and i hope you like it
and it's pretty nicely you decorated ok
and i think i'm going to also soon do a
video on cheap stuff for your American
Girl buh-bye okay